type	name	kegg_pathwayid	kegg_pathwayname	kegg_category
gene	HK3	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HKDC1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GCK	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GPI	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKM	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKP	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKL	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FBP1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FBP2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOC	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOA	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOB	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TPI1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GAPDH	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GAPDHS	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGK2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGK1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGAM1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGAM2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGAM4	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ENO3	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ENO2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ENO1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ENO4	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PKM	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PKLR	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHA2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHA1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHB	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLAT	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHAL6A	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHAL6B	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHA	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHB	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHC	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH1A	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH1B	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH1C	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH7	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH4	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH5	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH6	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1A1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH3B1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH3B2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH3A1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALM	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC3	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADPGK	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	BPGM	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MINPP1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCK1	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCK2	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CS	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACLY	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACO2	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACO1	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IDH1	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IDH2	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IDH3B	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IDH3G	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IDH3A	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	OGDHL	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	OGDH	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLST	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SUCLG1	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SUCLG2	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SUCLA2	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SDHA	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SDHB	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SDHC	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SDHD	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FH	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MDH1	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MDH2	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PC	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCK1	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCK2	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHA2	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHA1	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHB	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLAT	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GPI	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PD	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGLS	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	H6PD	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGD	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RPE	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RPEL1	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TKT	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TKTL2	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TKTL1	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TALDO1	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RPIA	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DERA	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RBKS	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM1	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM2	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PRPS1L1	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PRPS2	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PRPS1	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RGN	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IDNK	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLYCTK	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOC	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOA	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOB	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FBP1	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FBP2	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKM	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKP	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKL	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GUSB	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	KL	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2A1	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2A3	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B17	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B11	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B28	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A6	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A4	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A1	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A3	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B10	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A9	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B7	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A10	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A8	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A5	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B15	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A7	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B4	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2A2	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGDH	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGP2	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1A1	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CRYL1	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RPE	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RPEL1	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	XYLB	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1B1	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1B10	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DCXR	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SORD	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DHDH	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FGGY	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CRPPA	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MPI	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PMM2	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PMM1	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GMPPB	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GMPPA	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GMDS	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GFUS	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FPGT	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FCSK	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ENOSF1	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK3	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK1	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK2	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HKDC1	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKM	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKP	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKL	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FBP1	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FBP2	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKFB1	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKFB2	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKFB3	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKFB4	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TIGAR	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	KHK	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SORD	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1B1	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1B10	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOC	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOA	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDOB	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TPI1	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TKFC	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALM	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALK1	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALT	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALE	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGP2	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM1	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM2	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK3	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK1	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK2	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HKDC1	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GCK	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC1	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC2	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC3	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLB1	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LCT	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LALBA	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	B4GALT1	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	B4GALT2	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLA	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1B1	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1B10	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKM	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKP	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PFKL	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MGAM	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MGAM2	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GAA	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GANC	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SI	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGDH	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2A1	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2A3	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B17	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B11	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B28	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A6	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A4	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A1	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A3	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B10	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A9	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B7	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A10	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A8	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A5	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B15	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT1A7	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2B4	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGT2A2	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GUSB	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	KL	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MIOX	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1A1	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RGN	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MGAM	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MGAM2	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GAA	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GANC	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SI	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGP2	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ENPP1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ENPP3	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GBA3	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GYS2	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GYS1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GYG1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GYG2	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GBE1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PYGL	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PYGM	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PYGB	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AGL	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AMY1C	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AMY2A	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AMY1A	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AMY2B	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AMY1B	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TREH	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM2	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK3	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK2	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HKDC1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GCK	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC2	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	G6PC3	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM2L1	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GPI	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CHIA	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CHIT1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HEXA	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HEXB	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	NAGK	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AMDHD2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GNPDA1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GNPDA2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK3	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HK2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HKDC1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GFPT2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GFPT1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GNPNAT1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM3	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALK2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UAP1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UAP1L1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GNE	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	RENBP	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	NANS	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	NANP	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	NPL	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CMAS	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CYB5R1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CYB5R3	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CYB5R2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CYB5RL	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CYB5R4	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UXS1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GCK	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGM2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGP2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	UGDH	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALK1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALT	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GALE	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GPI	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MPI	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PMM2	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PMM1	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GMPPB	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GMPPA	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GMDS	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GFUS	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FCSK	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FPGT	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHA2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHA1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PDHB	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLAT	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH1A	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH1B	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH1C	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH7	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH4	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH6	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ADH5	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AKR1A1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PKM	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PKLR	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACACA	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACACB	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACYP2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACYP1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACOT12	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHAL6A	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHAL6B	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHA	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHB	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHC	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHD	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLO1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HAGH	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GRHPR	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ME2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ME3	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ME1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PC	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MDH1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MDH2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FH	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCK1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCK2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACAT2	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACAT1	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MDH1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MDH2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CS	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACO2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACO1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACAT2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACAT1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MCEE	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCCA	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCCB	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MMUT	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HAO2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HAO1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CAT	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GRHPR	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGP	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AGXT	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLUL	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SHMT2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SHMT1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLDC	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AMT	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GCSH	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HYI	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLYCTK	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HOGA1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AFMID	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS1	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS2	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS3	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	BCKDHA	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	BCKDHB	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DBT	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACADS	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACOX3	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACOX1	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HADHA	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	EHHADH	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ECHS1	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HIBCH	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACACA	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACACB	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MLYCD	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ABAT	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCCA	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCCB	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ECHDC1	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MCEE	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MMUT	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SUCLG1	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SUCLG2	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SUCLA2	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH6A1	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHAL6A	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHAL6B	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHA	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHB	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	LDHC	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACAT2	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACAT1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HADH	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HADHA	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	EHHADH	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ECHS1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACADS	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSM1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSM2A	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSM4	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSM5	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSM3	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSM2B	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSM6	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	L2HGDH	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GAD1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GAD2	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ABAT	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH5A1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HMGCS1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HMGCS2	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HMGCL	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HMGCLL1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	OXCT1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	OXCT2	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AACS	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	BDH1	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIK3C3	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTM1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTMR1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTMR2	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTMR3	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTMR4	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTMR8	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTMR6	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTMR7	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MTMR14	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PI4KA	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PI4KB	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PI4K2A	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PI4K2B	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SACM1L	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP5F	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIP5K1C	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIP5K1A	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIP5K1B	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIP5KL1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	OCRL	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP5B	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP5E	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SYNJ1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SYNJ2	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIK3CA	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIK3CD	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIK3CB	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIK3CG	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PTEN	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP5D	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPPL1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIK3C2G	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIK3C2A	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIK3C2B	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP4A	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP4B	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIKFYVE	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	FIG4	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIP4K2C	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIP4K2A	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PIP4K2B	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCB1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCB2	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCB3	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCB4	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCD1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCD3	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCD4	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCE1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCG1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCG2	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCZ1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCH1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PLCH2	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IMPA2	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IMPA1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CDIPT	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ISYNA1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP5A	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP5K	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	INPP5J	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MINPP1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ITPKB	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ITPKA	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ITPKC	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ITPK1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IPMK	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	IPPK	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MIOX	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ALDH6A1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	TPI1	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ND1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ND2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ND3	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ND4	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ND4L	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ND5	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ND6	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFS1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFS2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFS3	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFS4	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFS5	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFS6	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFS7	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFS8	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFV1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFV2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFV3	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA3	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA4	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA4L2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA5	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA6	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA7	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA8	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA9	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA10	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFAB1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA11	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA12	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFA13	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB3	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB4	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB5	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB6	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB7	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB8	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB9	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB10	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFB11	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFC1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFC2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	NDUFC2-KCTD14	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	SDHA	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	SDHB	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	SDHC	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	SDHD	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCRFS1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	CYTB	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	CYC1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCRC1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCRC2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCRH	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCRHL	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCRB	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCRQ	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCR10	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	UQCR11	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX10	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX3	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX4I2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX4I1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX5A	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX5B	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX6A1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX6A2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX6B1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX6B2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX6C	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX7A1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX7A2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX7A2L	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX7B	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX7B2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX7C	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX8C	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX8A	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX11	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX15	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	COX17	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	CYCS	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5F1A	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5F1B	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5F1C	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5F1D	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5F1E	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5PO	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5PB	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5MC1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5MC2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5MC3	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5PD	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5ME	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5MF	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5MG	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP5PF	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP8	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1A	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1B1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1B2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1C2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1C1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1D	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1E2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1E1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1F	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1G1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1G3	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1G2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V1H	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	TCIRG1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0A2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0A4	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0A1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0C	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0B	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0D1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0D2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0E1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6V0E2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP6AP1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP4A	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP4B	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	ATP12A	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	PPA2	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	PPA1	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	LHPP	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
gene	GLUD2	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	GLUD1	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	GLUL	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CPS1	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA13	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA1	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA6	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA7	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA12	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA5B	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA14	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA9	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA3	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA5A	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA8	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA2	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	CA4	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	PAPSS2	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	PAPSS1	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	BPNT1	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	BPNT2	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	SUOX	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	SQOR	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	ETHE1	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	MPST	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	TST	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	SELENBP1	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
gene	ACACA	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACACB	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSF3	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	MCAT	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	FASN	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	OXSM	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CBR4	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B8	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HTD2	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	MECR	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	OLAH	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL6	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL4	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL1	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL5	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL3	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSBG1	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSBG2	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACAA2	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HADHB	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HADH	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HADHA	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ECHS1	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	MECR	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	PPT1	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	PPT2	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL1	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL2	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL3	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL4	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL5	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL6	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL7	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B12	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HACD2	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HACD1	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HACD4	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HACD3	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	TECR	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT4	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT2	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT1	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT7	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	THEM4	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	THEM5	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACAT2	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACAT1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACAA1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACAA2	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HADHB	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HADH	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	HADHA	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	EHHADH	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ECHS1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOX3	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOX1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACADS	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACADM	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACADL	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACADSB	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACADVL	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	GCDH	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL6	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL4	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL5	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSL3	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSBG1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACSBG2	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	CPT1A	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	CPT1B	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	CPT1C	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	CPT2	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ECI1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ECI2	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2U1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ADH1A	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ADH1B	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ADH1C	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ADH7	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ADH4	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ADH5	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ADH6	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
gene	FDFT1	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SQLE	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	LSS	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP51A1	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	TM7SF2	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	LBR	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	MSMO1	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	NSDHL	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B7	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	EBP	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	DHCR24	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SC5D	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	DHCR7	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	LIPA	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CEL	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SOAT2	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SOAT1	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2R1	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP27B1	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP24A1	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP46A1	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP39A1	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD3B7	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CH25H	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP7B1	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP7A1	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP27A1	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP8B1	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1D1	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1C4	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SLC27A5	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	AMACR	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOX2	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B4	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SCP2	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT8	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	BAAT	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP11A1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP17A1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	STS	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SULT2B1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP21A2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD3B1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD3B2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SRD5A1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SRD5A2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SRD5A3	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1C2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1C3	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP11B1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP11B2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1D1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1C4	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD11B1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD11B1L	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD11B2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1C1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP7B1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	SULT1E1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B6	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B7	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B8	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B12	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	DHRS11	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP1A1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP1A2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP3A5	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP3A7	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP3A7-CYP3A51P	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2E1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP3A4	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP1B1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP19A1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP7A1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B11	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2A1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2A3	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2B17	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2B11	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2B28	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A6	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A4	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A1	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A3	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2B10	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A9	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2B7	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A10	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A8	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A5	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2B15	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT1A7	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2B4	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT2A2	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	COMT	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	LRTOMT	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B3	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
gene	GLYCTK	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1B1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1B10	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1A1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	TKFC	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GK2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GK	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPAM	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPAT2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPAT4	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPAT3	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT3	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT4	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT5	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LCLAT1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MBOAT1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MBOAT2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP3	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPIN1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPIN3	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPIN2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP5	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP4	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKZ	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKD	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKI	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKA	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKE	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKB	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKH	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKG	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKQ	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKK	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGAT1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGAT2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MOGAT3	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CEL	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PNPLA2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PNPLA3	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PNLIP	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PNLIPRP1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PNLIPRP2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PNLIPRP3	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LIPC	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LIPF	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LIPG	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPL	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGK	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MGLL	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ABHD16A	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MOGAT1	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MOGAT2	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GLA	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPD1L	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPD1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPD2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPAM	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPAT2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPAT4	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPAT3	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT3	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT4	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPAT5	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LCLAT1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MBOAT1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MBOAT2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GNPAT	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ADPRM	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP3	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPIN1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPIN3	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPIN2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP5	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP4	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKZ	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKD	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKI	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKA	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKE	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKB	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKH	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKG	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKQ	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DGKK	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CHPT1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CEPT1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLD1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLD2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLD3	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLD4	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LCAT	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G10	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2D	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2E	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G3	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2F	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12A	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12B	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G1B	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G5	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2A	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2C	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4E	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4A	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	JMJD7-PLA2G4B	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4B	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4C	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4D	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4F	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G6	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLB1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT3	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPCAT2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPCAT1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPCAT4	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPCAT3	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LYPLA1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G15	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LYPLA2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PNPLA6	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PNPLA7	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPCPD1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CHAT	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACHE	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CHKA	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CHKB	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PHOSPHO1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PCYT1B	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PCYT1A	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SELENOI	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ETNK1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ETNK2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PCYT2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ETNPPL	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PEMT	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CDS1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CDS2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA1A	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTDSS1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTDSS2	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PISD	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PGS1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CRLS1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	TAFAZZIN	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPGAT1	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CDIPT	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	MBOAT7	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AGPS	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP3	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP2	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SELENOI	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CHPT1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CEPT1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PEDS1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PEDS1-UBE2V1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G10	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2D	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2E	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G3	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2F	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12A	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12B	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G1B	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G5	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2A	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2C	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4E	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4A	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	JMJD7-PLA2G4B	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4B	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4C	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4D	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4F	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G6	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLB1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT3	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT2	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPCAT4	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ENPP6	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ENPP2	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GDPD3	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GDPD1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	TMEM86B	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLD1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLD2	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLD3	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLD4	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT8	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GAL3ST1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPCAT2	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LPCAT1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PAFAH1B1	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PAFAH1B2	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PAFAH1B3	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G7	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PAFAH2	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SPTLC1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SPTLC2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SPTLC3	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	KDSR	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CERS1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CERS2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CERS4	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CERS3	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CERS6	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CERS5	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ASAH1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ASAH2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACER2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACER1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACER3	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DEGS1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	DEGS2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SGMS1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SGMS2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SMPD1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SMPD2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SMPD3	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SMPD4	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ENPP7	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CERK	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP3	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLPP2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SGPP1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SGPP2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SPHK1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SPHK2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	SGPL1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGCG	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GBA	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GBA2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	B4GALT6	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	B4GALT5	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GLB1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	UGT8	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GALC	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GAL3ST1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ARSA	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	NEU1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	NEU3	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	NEU4	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	NEU2	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GLA	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	B4GALNT1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	HEXA	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	HEXB	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PSAP	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PSAPL1	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G10	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2D	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2E	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G3	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2F	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12A	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12B	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G1B	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G5	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2A	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2C	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4E	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4A	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	JMJD7-PLA2G4B	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4B	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4C	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4D	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4F	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G6	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLB1	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT3	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT2	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGS1	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGS2	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGES	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGES2	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGES3	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CBR1	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CBR3	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PRXL2B	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	HPGD	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	TBXAS1	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGDS	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	HPGDS	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	AKR1C3	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGIS	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALOX5	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LTA4H	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGR3	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGR2	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PTGR1	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP4F2	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP4F3	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	LTC4S	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GGT1	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GGT5	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	GPX4	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2E1	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2J2	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2U1	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2C19	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP4F8	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALOX12	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALOXE3	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALOX12B	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALOX15B	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2B6	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2C8	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2C9	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	EPHX2	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALOX15	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G10	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2D	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2E	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G3	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2F	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12A	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12B	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G1B	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G5	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2A	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2C	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4E	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4A	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	JMJD7-PLA2G4B	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4B	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4C	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4D	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4F	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G6	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLB1	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT3	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT2	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ALOX15	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP1A2	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2C8	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2C9	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2C19	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2J2	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP2E1	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	CYP3A4	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G10	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2D	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2E	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G3	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2F	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12A	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G12B	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G1B	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G5	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2A	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G2C	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4E	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4A	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	JMJD7-PLA2G4B	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4B	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4C	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4D	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G4F	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLA2G6	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLB1	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT3	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	PLAAT2	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	FADS2	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOX3	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOX1	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACAA1	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL1	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL2	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL3	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL4	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL5	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL6	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ELOVL7	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B12	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	HACD2	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	HACD1	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	HACD4	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	HACD3	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	TECR	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	SCD	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	SCD5	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	FADS2	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	FADS1	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOX3	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOX1	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	HSD17B4	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACAA1	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	SCP2	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT4	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT2	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT1	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	ACOT7	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	BAAT	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
gene	NUDT9	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADPRM	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NUDT5	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PGM1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PGM2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PRPS1L1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PRPS2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PRPS1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PPAT	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GART	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PFAS	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PAICS	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADSL	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ATIC	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	APRT	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C1A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C1B	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5M	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C1B-RDH14	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5DC4	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5E	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PNP	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	LACC1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	HPRT1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	IMPDH1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	IMPDH2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME6	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME7	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME4	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME3	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME1-NME2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK9	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD3	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD8	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	CANT1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD4	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD5	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD6	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NUDT16	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ITPA	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	XDH	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NUDT2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GMPS	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GMPR	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GMPR2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GDA	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GUK1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	RRM1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	RRM2B	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	RRM2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	HDDC2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DGUOK	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DCK	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	HDDC3	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PRUNE1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY3	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY4	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY5	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY6	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY7	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY8	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY9	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADCY10	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GUCY1A2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GUCY1A1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GUCY1B1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GUCY2C	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GUCY2D	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GUCY2F	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NPR1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NPR2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE1A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE1B	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE1C	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE2A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE3A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE3B	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE5A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE6A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE6B	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE6C	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE6D	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE6G	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE6H	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE9A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE10A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE11A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADSS1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADSS2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AMPD2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AMPD3	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AMPD1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADK	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADA	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ADA2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK7	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK4	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK5	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK8	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK6	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK3	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NTPCR	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENPP1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENPP3	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE4A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE4B	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE4C	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE4D	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE7A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE7B	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE8B	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PDE8A	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	FHIT	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENPP4	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PAPSS2	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	PAPSS1	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	URAD	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ALLC	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	CAD	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DHODH	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	UMPS	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	CMPK1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	CMPK2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME6	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME7	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME4	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME3	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NME1-NME2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	AK9	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD3	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD8	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	CANT1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD4	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD5	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENTPD6	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENPP1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ENPP3	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	ASMTL	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NUDT2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	CTPS1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	CTPS2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	UCK1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	UCK2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	UCKL1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C1A	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C1B	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5M	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C1B-RDH14	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5DC4	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5E	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	UPP2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	UPP1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C3A	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	NT5C3B	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	CDA	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	RRM1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	RRM2B	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	RRM2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DCTPP1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	HDDC2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DCK	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DCTD	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DTYMK	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DUT	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	TYMP	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	TK2	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	TK1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	TYMS	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DPYD	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	DPYS	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	UPB1	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
gene	GOT1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1L1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IL4I1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DDO	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASRGL1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASNS	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NIT2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GPT2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GPT	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AGXT	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AGXT2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASS1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASL	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADSS1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADSS2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADSL	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NAT8L	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	RIMKLB	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	RIMKLA	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	FOLH1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASPA	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GAD1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GAD2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ABAT	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH5A1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLUD2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLUD1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH4A1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLUL	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CAD	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLS2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLS	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CPS1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GFPT2	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GFPT1	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PPAT	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SHMT2	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SHMT1	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AGXT	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GRHPR	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLYCTK	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PGAM1	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PGAM2	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PGAM4	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BPGM	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PHGDH	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PSAT1	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PSPH	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GCAT	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALAS1	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALAS2	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOB	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOA	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC3	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC2	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLDC	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AMT	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GCSH	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DAO	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AGXT2	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GATM	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GAMT	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CHDH	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BHMT	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DMGDH	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PIPOX	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SARDH	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GNMT	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CBS	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LOC102724560	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CTH	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SDS	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SDSL	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SRR	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CTH	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KYAT3	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KYAT1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CBS	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LOC102724560	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BHMT	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BHMT2	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MTR	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAT2B	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAT1A	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAT2A	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AMD1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SRM	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SMS	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MTAP	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LACC1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MRI1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	APIP	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ENOPH1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADI1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TAT	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IL4I1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DNMT1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DNMT3A	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DNMT3B	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AHCYL2	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AHCYL1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AHCY	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BCAT2	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BCAT1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AGXT2	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GCLC	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GCLM	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GSS	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CDO1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1L1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT2	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MPST	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TST	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LDHAL6A	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LDHAL6B	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LDHA	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LDHB	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LDHC	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MDH1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MDH2	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SDS	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SDSL	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PHGDH	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PSAT1	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BCAT2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BCAT1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IL4I1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BCKDHA	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BCKDHB	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DBT	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACADS	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACADM	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IVD	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACADSB	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAD8	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HADHA	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	EHHADH	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ECHS1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HADH	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HSD17B10	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAA1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAA2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HADHB	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PCCA	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PCCB	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MCEE	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MMUT	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HIBCH	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HIBADH	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH6A1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOX1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACSF3	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ABAT	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AGXT2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MCCC1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MCCC2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AUH	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HMGCL	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HMGCLL1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	OXCT1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	OXCT2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AACS	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAT2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAT1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HMGCS1	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HMGCS2	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SDS	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SDSL	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BCAT2	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BCAT1	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AASS	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AADAT	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DHTKD1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DLST	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GCDH	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HADHA	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	EHHADH	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ECHS1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HADH	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAT2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAT1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HYKK	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PHYKPL	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PIPOX	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CAMKMT	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMT2A	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMT2D	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMT2C	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMT2B	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMT2E	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SETD1B	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SETD1A	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SETD7	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PRDM9	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PRDM7	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASH1L	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SMYD2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SMYD3	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SMYD1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SUV39H1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SUV39H2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	EHMT2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	EHMT1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SETDB1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SETDB2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PRDM2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	EZH1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	EZH2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SETMAR	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NSD1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NSD2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NSD3	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SETD2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DOT1L	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMT5A	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PRDM6	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMT5C	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMT5B	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MECOM	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PRDM16	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TMLHE	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	BBOX1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PLOD1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PLOD2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PLOD3	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	COLGALT1	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	COLGALT2	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
gene	OTC	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASS1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASL	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ARG2	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ARG1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NOS1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NOS2	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NOS3	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLS2	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLS	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLUL	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLUD2	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GLUD1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CPS1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1L1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT2	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GPT2	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GPT	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NAGS	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACY1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ABHD14A-ACY1	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GATM	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GAMT	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CKM	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CKMT1A	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CKMT2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CKB	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CKMT1B	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AZIN2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AGMAT	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ODC1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SRM	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SMS	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AMD1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SMOX	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CNDP1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CNDP2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CARNS1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SAT2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	SAT1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOB	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOA	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NOS1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NOS2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	NOS3	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ARG2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ARG1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	OAT	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PYCR3	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PYCR2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PYCR1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PRODH	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH4A1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH18A1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LAP3	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	P4HA2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	P4HA3	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	P4HA1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PRODH2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1L1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT2	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HOGA1	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DAO	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	L3HYPDH	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HAL	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	UROC1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AMDHD1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	FTCD	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HDC	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASPA	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HNMT	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOB	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOA	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3B1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3B2	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CARNS1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CARNMT1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CNDP2	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CNDP1	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1L1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT2	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TAT	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IL4I1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HPD	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HGD	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GSTZ1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	FAH	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TYR	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TH	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DCT	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TYRP1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DDC	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DBH	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PNMT	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	COMT	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	LRTOMT	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOB	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOA	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC3	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC2	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3B1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3B2	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADH1A	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADH1B	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADH1C	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADH7	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADH4	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADH5	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ADH6	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TPO	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOX1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	FAHD1	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MIF	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PAH	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DDC	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC3	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC2	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOB	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOA	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3B1	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3B2	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A1	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1L1	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT2	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TAT	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IL4I1	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HPD	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MIF	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TDO2	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IDO1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IDO2	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AFMID	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KMO	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KYNU	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HAAO	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACMSD	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH8A1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DHTKD1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DLST	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GCDH	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HADHA	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	EHHADH	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ECHS1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	HADH	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAT2	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ACAT1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KYAT3	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	KYAT1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AADAT	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TPH2	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TPH1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	DDC	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOB	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	MAOA	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH2	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOX1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	ASMT	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AANAT	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CYP1A1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CYP1A2	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CYP1B1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	INMT	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IL4I1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	AOC1	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	CAT	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT1L1	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GOT2	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	TAT	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	IL4I1	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	PAH	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
gene	GADL1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CSAD	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GAD1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GAD2	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CNDP1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CARNS1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CNDP2	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ABAT	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SMOX	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	AOC3	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	AOC2	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH2	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH7A1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH9A1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH3B1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH3B2	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH3A1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	DPYD	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	DPYS	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	UPB1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	HIBCH	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	HADHA	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	EHHADH	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ECHS1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ACADS	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ACOX3	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ACOX1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	MLYCD	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ALDH6A1	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CDO1	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GAD1	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GAD2	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GADL1	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CSAD	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ADO	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	FMO1	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	FMO2	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	FMO5	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	FMO3	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	FMO4	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGT7	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGT6	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGT1	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGT5	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	BAAT	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	PCYT2	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SELENOI	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CEPT1	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	PCYT1B	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	PCYT1A	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CHPT1	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	KYAT3	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	KYAT1	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	MTR	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CTH	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SCLY	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	TXNRD1	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	TXNRD3	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	TXNRD2	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	INMT	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	PAPSS2	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	PAPSS1	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SEPHS2	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SEPHS1	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	PSTK	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SEPSECS	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	MARS1	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	MARS2	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GLS2	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GLS	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	DGLUCY	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	DDO	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SRR	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	DAO	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGT7	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGT6	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGT1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGT5	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GGCT	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CHAC1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	CHAC2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	OPLAH	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GCLC	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GCLM	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSS	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	LAP3	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ANPEP	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTA5	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTA2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTA4	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTO2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTM4	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTT2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTT1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTM3	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	MGST1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	MGST3	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTM1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTM5	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	MGST2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTA1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTM2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTA3	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTO1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTT2B	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTP1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSTK1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	HPGDS	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	LANCL1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	NAT8	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GSR	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	IDH1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	IDH2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	PGD	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	G6PD	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	TXNDC12	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GPX4	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GPX6	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GPX7	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GPX2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GPX3	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GPX1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GPX5	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	GPX8	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	PRDX6	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	ODC1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SRM	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SMS	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	RRM1	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	RRM2B	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	RRM2	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
gene	SRD5A3	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DOLK	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DPAGT1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG5	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG13	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG14	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DPM1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DPM2	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DPM3	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG2	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG11	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG3	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG9	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG12	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG6	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG8	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG10	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG10B	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	STT3A	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	STT3B	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	RPN1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	RPN2	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DAD1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	TUSC3	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DDOST	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DOLPP1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MOGS	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GANAB	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN1B1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN1A2	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN1C1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN1A1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN2A1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN2A2	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT2	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT8	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT2	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT3	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GAL1	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GAL2	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT3	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT4A	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT4B	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT4D	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT5	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT5B	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT4C	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG13	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG14	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG2	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG11	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG3	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG9	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ALG12	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	STT3A	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	STT3B	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	RPN1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	RPN2	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DAD1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	TUSC3	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DDOST	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN1B1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN1A2	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN1C1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN1A1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN2A1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN2A2	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT2	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXA	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXB	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT8	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXD	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT4C	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT4A	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT4B	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT4D	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT1	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT2	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT3	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL3	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALNT3	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALNT4	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST8	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST9	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNTL6	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT5	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT17	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT11	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT12	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT13	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT14	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT16	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT15	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT18	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNTL5	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT10	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT2	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT3	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT1	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT6	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT4	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT9	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT7	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT8	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POC1B-GALNT4	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	C1GALT1	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	C1GALT1C1	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	C1GALT1C1L	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GCNT1	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GCNT3	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GCNT4	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL1	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL2	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GALNAC1	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GALNAC2	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GALNAC3	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GALNAC4	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GNT3	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GNT6	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT5	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POMT1	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POMT2	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POMGNT1	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT1	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT2	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT3	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL3	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GAT1	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GAT2	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST10	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT9	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT4	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MGAT5B	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POMGNT2	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALNT2	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POMK	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CRPPA	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FKTN	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FKRP	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	RXYLT1	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GAT1	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	LARGE1	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	LARGE2	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	OGT	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	EOGT	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POFUT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POFUT2	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MFNG	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	LFNG	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	RFNG	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT2	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT3	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GAL1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GAL2	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL3	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GLCT	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POGLUT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GXYLT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GXYLT2	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	XXYLT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	COLGALT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	COLGALT2	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PLOD3	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POMT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POMT2	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNTL6	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT5	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT17	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT11	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT12	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT13	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT14	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT16	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT15	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT18	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNTL5	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT10	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT2	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT3	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT6	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT4	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT9	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT7	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNT8	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	POC1B-GALNT4	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	C1GALT1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	C1GALT1C1	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	C1GALT1C1L	hsa00514	Other types of O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	XYLT1	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	XYLT2	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT7	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALT6	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GAT3	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CSGALNACT1	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CSGALNACT2	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHSY3	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHSY1	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHPF	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHPF2	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DSE	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DSEL	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST11	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST12	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST13	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST3	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST7	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST15	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	UST	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST14	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	XYLT1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	XYLT2	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT7	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALT6	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GAT3	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	EXTL2	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	EXTL3	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	EXTL1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	EXT1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	EXT2	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NDST1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NDST2	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NDST3	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NDST4	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GLCE	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS2ST1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS6ST1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS6ST2	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS6ST3	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS3ST1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS3ST2	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS3ST3B1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS3ST3A1	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HS3ST5	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT8	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT1	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT2	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT3	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GNT2	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST6	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT4	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GNT7	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST1	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL3	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST2	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	CHST4	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL1	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL2	hsa00533	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - keratan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HYAL2	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HYAL1	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	SPAM1	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HYAL4	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HYAL3	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GUSB	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	IDS	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	IDUA	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ARSB	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HPSE	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HPSE2	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	SGSH	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HGSNAT	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NAGLU	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GALNS	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GLB1	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GNS	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXA	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXB	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGA	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGC	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGH	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGP	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGQ	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGY	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	DPM2	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGL	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGW	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GPLD1	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGM	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGX	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGV	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGN	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGB	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGO	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGF	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGG	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GPAA1	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGK	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGS	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGT	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGU	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PGAP1	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MPPE1	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	PIGZ	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GNT5	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALT1	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALT2	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALT5	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT1	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT2	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT3	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL3	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL4	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ABO	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT1	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT2	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT3	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALT4	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT9	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT4	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT5	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT6	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT7	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL6	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST8SIA1	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	A4GALT	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALNT1	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GNT2	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GNT3	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GNT4	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GCNT2	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	A3GALT2	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALNT1	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GBGT1	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	A4GALT	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GLA	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALT5	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXA	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXB	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NAGA	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT1	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT2	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL1	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL2	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST8SIA1	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUT9	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B4GALNT1	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	B3GALT4	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL2	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL1	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST8SIA5	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST3GAL5	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST8SIA1	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	SLC33A1	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GALNAC3	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GALNAC4	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GALNAC5	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ST6GALNAC6	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GLB1	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXA	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXB	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NEU1	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NEU3	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NEU4	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NEU2	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GLB1	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXA	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXB	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	HEXD	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN2C1	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN2B1	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MAN2B2	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	MANBA	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	ENGASE	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUCA1	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	FUCA2	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	AGA	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GBA	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	GBA2	hsa00511	Other glycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
gene	NFS1	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NTPCR	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALPL	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALPI	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALPP	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALPG	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ACP1	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	TPK1	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AK7	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AK4	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AK5	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AK2	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AK1	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AK8	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	THTPA	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RFK	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ACP5	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ACP1	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ACP2	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	FLAD1	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ENPP1	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ENPP3	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	BLVRB	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PNPO	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PDXK	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PDXP	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PHOSPHO2	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AOX1	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PSAT1	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ASPDH	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	QPRT	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NAPRT	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PNP	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NMRK1	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NMRK2	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NT5C2	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NT5C1A	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NT5C1B	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NT5C	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NT5M	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NT5C1B-RDH14	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NT5DC4	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NT5E	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NMNAT3	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NMNAT1	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NMNAT2	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ENPP1	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ENPP3	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NUDT12	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NADSYN1	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NAMPT	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CD38	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	BST1	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SIRT1	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SIRT2	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SIRT3	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SIRT4	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SIRT5	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SIRT6	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SIRT7	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NADK	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NADK2	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NNT	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NNMT	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AOX1	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PANK1	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PANK3	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PANK2	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PPCS	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PPCDC	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ENPP1	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ENPP3	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	COASY	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AASDHPPT	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	VNN1	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	VNN2	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	BCAT2	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	BCAT1	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DPYD	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DPYS	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UPB1	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	GADL1	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CSAD	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALDH2	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALDH3A2	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALDH1B1	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	OXSM	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HLCS	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	BTD	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	LIPT2	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	LIAS	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	LIPT1	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ACSM1	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	GCH1	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALPL	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALPI	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALPP	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALPG	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DHFR	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DHFR2	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	FPGS	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	GGH	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PTS	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SPR	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AKR1B1	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AKR1B10	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CBR1	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AKR1C3	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	QDPR	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PCBD2	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PCBD1	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PAH	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	TH	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	TPH2	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	TPH1	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MOCS1	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MOCS2	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	GPHN	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MOCOS	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DHFR	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DHFR2	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MTHFD1L	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MTHFD1	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MTHFD2	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MTHFD2L	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SHMT2	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SHMT1	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	GART	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ATIC	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	FTCD	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MTFMT	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AMT	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MTR	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	TYMS	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALDH1L1	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALDH1L2	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MTHFR	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MTHFS	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ST20-MTHFS	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	BCO1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ADH1A	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ADH1B	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ADH1C	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ADH7	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ADH4	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ADH5	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ADH6	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DHRS3	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DHRS4	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DHRS4L2	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DHRS9	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RDH8	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RDH10	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RDH11	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RDH12	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RDH13	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RDH16	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	SDR16C5	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HSD17B6	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	LRAT	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	DGAT1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AWAT2	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PNPLA4	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RPE65	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RDH5	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	AOX1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALDH1A2	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALDH1A1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALDH1A3	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP26A1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP26B1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP26C1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP1A1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP1A2	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP2A6	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP2A7	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP2B6	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP2C8	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP2C9	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP2C18	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP2S1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP3A4	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP3A5	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP3A7	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP3A7-CYP3A51P	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP2W1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2A1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2A3	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B17	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B11	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B28	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A6	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A4	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A3	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B10	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A9	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B7	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A10	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A8	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A5	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B15	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A7	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B4	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2A2	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	RETSAT	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CYP27C1	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALAS1	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALAS2	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	EARS2	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	EPRS1	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ALAD	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HMBS	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UROS	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UROD	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CPOX	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	PPOX	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	FECH	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	COX10	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	COX15	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	MMAB	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HMOX1	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HMOX2	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	BLVRA	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	BLVRB	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2A1	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2A3	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B17	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B11	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B28	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A6	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A4	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A1	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A3	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B10	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A9	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B7	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A10	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A8	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A5	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B15	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT1A7	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2B4	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	UGT2A2	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	GUSB	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HCCS	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	CP	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HEPH	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HEPHL1	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	FXN	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	TAT	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	COQ2	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	COQ6	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	COQ3	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	COQ5	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	COQ7	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	NQO1	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	GGCX	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	VKORC1	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	VKORC1L1	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	HPD	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
gene	ACAT2	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	ACAT1	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	HMGCS1	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	HMGCS2	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	HMGCR	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	MVK	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	PMVK	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	MVD	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	IDI1	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	IDI2	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	FDPS	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	GGPS1	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	PDSS1	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	PDSS2	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	DHDDS	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	NUS1	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	FNTA	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	FNTB	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	CHURC1-FNTB	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	RCE1	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	ZMPSTE24	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	ICMT	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	PCYOX1	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
gene	CYP1A2	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	NAT2	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	NAT1	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	CYP2A6	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	CYP2A7	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	XDH	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	HK3	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	HK1	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	HK2	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	HKDC1	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	GCK	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
gene	CYP1A1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2C9	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP3A4	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP1B1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA5	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA4	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTO2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM4	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM3	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST3	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM5	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA3	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTO1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT2B	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTP1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTK1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	HPGDS	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	EPHX1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2B6	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	SULT2A1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP1A2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2A6	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2A7	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2E1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2F1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2S1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	AKR1C1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	DHDH	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2A13	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2D6	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	LOC107987478	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2D7	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	LOC107987479	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	HSD11B1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	HSD11B1L	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CBR1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CBR3	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A3	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B17	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B11	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B28	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A6	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A4	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A3	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B10	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A9	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B7	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A10	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A8	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A5	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B15	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A7	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B4	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP3A5	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	AKR7A2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	AKR7A3	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	AKR7L	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ALDH3B1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ALDH3B2	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ALDH3A1	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH1A	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH1B	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH1C	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH7	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH4	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH5	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH6	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2D6	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	LOC107987478	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2D7	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	LOC107987479	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2C9	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP3A4	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	FMO1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	FMO2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	FMO5	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	FMO3	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	FMO4	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2C19	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2B6	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP3A5	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA5	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA4	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTO2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM4	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM3	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST3	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM5	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA3	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTO1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT2B	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTP1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTK1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	HPGDS	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH1A	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH1B	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH1C	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH7	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH4	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH5	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ADH6	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ALDH3B1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ALDH3B2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ALDH3A1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MAOB	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MAOA	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	AOX1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A3	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B17	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B11	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B28	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A6	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A4	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A3	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B10	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A9	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B7	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A10	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A8	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A5	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B15	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A7	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B4	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP1A2	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2E1	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2C8	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2A6	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2A7	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	HPRT1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	IMPDH1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	IMPDH2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GMPS	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	TPMT	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	XDH	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	ITPA	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CES1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CES2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A3	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B17	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B11	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B28	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A6	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A4	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A3	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B10	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A9	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B7	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A10	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A8	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A5	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B15	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT1A7	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2B4	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UGT2A2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GUSB	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP3A4	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CDA	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	TYMP	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	DPYD	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	DPYS	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UPB1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2A6	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2A7	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UPP2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UPP1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UCK1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UCK2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UCKL1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	TK2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	TK1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	UMPS	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CMPK1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	RRM1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	RRM2B	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	RRM2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NME6	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NME7	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NME2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NME4	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NME1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NME3	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NME1-NME2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	DUT	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MPO	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NAT2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	NAT1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	CYP2E1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA5	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA4	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTO2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM4	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM3	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST3	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM5	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	MGST2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTM2	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTA3	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTO1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTT2B	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
gene	GSTP1	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00031	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00033	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00036	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00068	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00074	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00084	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00103	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00118	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00186	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00197	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00221	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00236	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00267	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00469	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00631	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00668	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01159	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01172	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01451	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05125	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05345	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05378	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06186	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06187	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06188	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15972	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15973	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16255	hsa00010	Glycolysis / Gluconeogenesis	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00036	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00068	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00074	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00091	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00122	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00149	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00158	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00311	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00417	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05125	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05379	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05381	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15972	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15973	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16254	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16255	hsa00020	Citrate cycle (TCA cycle)	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00031	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00117	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00118	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00119	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00121	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00197	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00198	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00199	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00204	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00221	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00231	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00257	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00258	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00279	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00345	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00577	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00620	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00631	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00668	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00672	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00673	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01151	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01172	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01182	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01218	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01236	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01801	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03752	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04442	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05345	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05378	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05382	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06019	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06473	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20589	hsa00030	Pentose phosphate pathway	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00029	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00103	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00116	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00167	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00181	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00191	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00199	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00204	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00216	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00231	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00259	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00266	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00309	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00310	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00312	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00333	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00379	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00433	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00470	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00474	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00476	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00502	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00508	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00514	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00532	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00558	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00618	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00714	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00789	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00800	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00817	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00905	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01068	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01101	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01508	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01904	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02266	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02273	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02426	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02753	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03033	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03291	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03826	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04053	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04349	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04575	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05385	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05411	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05412	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06118	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06441	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C14899	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15930	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20680	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C22337	hsa00040	Pentose and glucuronate interconversions	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00095	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00096	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00118	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00159	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00186	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00247	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00267	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00275	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00325	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00392	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00424	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00464	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00507	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00577	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00636	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00644	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00665	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00794	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00861	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00976	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01019	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01094	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01096	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01099	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01131	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01222	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01355	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01487	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01720	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01721	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01768	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01934	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02431	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02492	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02888	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02962	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02977	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02985	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02991	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03117	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03267	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03827	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03979	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05144	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05345	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05378	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05392	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06192	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C11516	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C11544	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C18028	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C18096	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20781	hsa00051	Fructose and mannose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00029	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00031	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00052	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00085	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00089	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00095	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00103	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00116	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00118	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00124	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00137	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00159	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00243	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00267	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00446	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00492	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00577	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00668	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00794	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00795	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00880	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00984	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01097	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01113	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01132	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01216	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01235	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01286	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01613	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01697	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02262	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02669	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03383	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03733	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03785	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05396	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05399	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05400	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05401	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05402	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05404	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05796	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06311	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06376	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06377	hsa00052	Galactose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00029	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00072	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00096	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00137	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00167	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00191	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00216	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00231	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00259	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00333	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00433	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00545	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00558	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00617	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00618	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00652	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00679	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00684	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00800	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00818	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00878	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00879	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01040	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01041	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01101	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01114	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01115	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01146	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01620	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01825	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02280	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02670	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03033	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03064	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03289	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03291	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03826	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03921	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04037	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04575	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05385	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05411	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05412	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05422	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06316	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C14899	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15923	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15924	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15925	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15926	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15930	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16186	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20889	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20896	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21955	hsa00053	Ascorbate and aldarate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00029	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00031	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00085	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00089	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00092	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00095	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00103	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00185	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00208	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00252	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00369	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00372	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00394	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00498	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00501	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00663	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00689	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00718	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00721	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00760	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00963	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00965	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00973	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01083	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01231	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01725	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01898	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01935	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02591	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02995	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03323	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04534	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05731	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06215	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06400	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16688	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20237	hsa00500	Starch and sucrose metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00029	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00031	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00043	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00052	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00096	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00103	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00128	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00140	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00159	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00167	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00181	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00190	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00191	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00203	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00216	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00259	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00267	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00270	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00275	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00325	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00329	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00333	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00352	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00357	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00394	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00446	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00461	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00498	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00501	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00617	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00636	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00645	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00668	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00714	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00734	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00935	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00976	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00984	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00996	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00999	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01019	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01050	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01132	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01170	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01219	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01222	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01623	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01674	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01788	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02199	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02280	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02336	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02352	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02474	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02713	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02977	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02985	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03117	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03410	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03598	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03599	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03691	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03733	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03906	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04037	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04089	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04257	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04297	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04501	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04573	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04613	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04630	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04631	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05345	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05385	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06023	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06156	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06240	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06241	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06377	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C11521	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C13952	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15925	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16153	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16154	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16155	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16156	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16157	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16183	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16698	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C17269	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C17326	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C17327	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C17328	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C18060	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C18094	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19725	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19745	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19769	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19823	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19961	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19971	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19972	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20082	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20083	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20357	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20359	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20395	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20418	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20419	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20424	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20638	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20672	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20934	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21027	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21383	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21384	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C22029	hsa00520	Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00033	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00036	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00058	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00068	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00074	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00083	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00084	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00122	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00149	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00186	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00227	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00256	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00332	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00424	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00469	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00546	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00937	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01251	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02488	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02504	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03248	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03451	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03981	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05125	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05993	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05994	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15972	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15973	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16255	hsa00620	Pyruvate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00007	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00011	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00014	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00025	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00027	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00033	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00036	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00037	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00048	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00058	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00064	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00065	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00091	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00100	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00136	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00149	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00158	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00160	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00168	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00197	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00209	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00258	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00266	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00311	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00313	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00332	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00417	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00552	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00631	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00683	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00798	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00877	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00888	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00898	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00975	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00988	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01127	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01146	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01182	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01213	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01380	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01732	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01989	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01990	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02123	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02405	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03217	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03459	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03548	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03561	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03618	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04348	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06027	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06028	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06049	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C18026	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C18324	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20238	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C22337	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00068	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00083	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00091	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00099	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00100	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00109	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00163	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00186	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00222	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00424	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00479	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00546	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00583	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00683	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00804	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00827	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00894	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01013	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01213	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02170	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02225	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02335	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02876	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04225	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04593	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05235	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05668	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05979	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05983	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05984	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05989	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06002	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15972	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C15973	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21017	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21018	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21250	hsa00640	Propanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00025	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00091	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00122	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00132	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00136	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00164	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00207	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00232	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00246	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00332	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00334	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00356	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00497	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00741	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00810	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00877	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00989	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01089	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01144	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01384	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01412	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01769	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01845	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02331	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02411	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02527	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C02630	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03044	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03046	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03058	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03561	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04546	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06010	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06142	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06143	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06144	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06145	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06146	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C11062	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C17530	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20657	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20783	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21390	hsa00650	Butanoate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00092	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00118	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00137	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00191	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00222	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00558	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00641	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00691	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01177	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01194	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01204	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01220	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01243	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01245	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01272	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01277	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C01284	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03546	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03659	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C03660	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04006	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04062	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04063	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04287	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04477	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04520	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04549	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04563	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04579	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C04637	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C05981	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06153	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06892	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C06893	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C11554	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C11555	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C11556	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C11557	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C16737	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19794	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19799	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C19891	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C20251	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21643	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C21644	hsa00562	Inositol phosphate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
metabolite	C00001	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00002	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00003	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00004	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00007	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00008	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00009	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00013	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00061	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00080	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00122	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00390	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00399	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00524	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00536	hsa00190	Oxidative phosphorylation	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00011	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00014	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00025	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00058	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00064	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00088	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00169	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00192	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00244	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00288	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00488	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00533	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00697	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00726	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00887	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C01417	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C01563	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C05361	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C06058	hsa00910	Nitrogen metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00033	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00053	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00054	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00059	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00065	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00084	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00087	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00094	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00097	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00155	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00224	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00245	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00263	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00283	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00320	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00409	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00580	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00979	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C01118	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C01861	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C02084	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C03920	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C04022	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C08276	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C11142	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C11143	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C11145	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C15521	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C17267	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C19692	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C20870	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C20955	hsa00920	Sulfur metabolism	Energy metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00083	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00154	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00173	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00229	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00249	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00383	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00638	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00685	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00693	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00712	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01203	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01209	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01271	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01530	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01571	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02679	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02843	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03939	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04088	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04180	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04246	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04618	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04619	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04620	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04633	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04688	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05223	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05744	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05745	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05746	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05747	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05748	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05749	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05750	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05751	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05752	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05753	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05754	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05755	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05756	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05757	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05758	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05759	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05760	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05761	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05762	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05763	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05764	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06423	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06424	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08362	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16219	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16220	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16221	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16520	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20683	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20794	hsa00061	Fatty acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00040	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00083	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00136	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00154	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00162	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00249	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00264	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00605	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00638	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00640	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00658	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01832	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01944	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02593	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02843	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03221	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05258	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05259	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05260	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05261	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05262	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05263	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05264	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05265	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05266	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05267	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05268	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05269	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05270	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05271	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05272	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05273	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05274	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05275	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05276	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20876	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20877	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20878	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20879	hsa00062	Fatty acid elongation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00010	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00071	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00136	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00154	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00162	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00226	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00229	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00249	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00332	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00340	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00435	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00489	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00517	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00527	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00638	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00823	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00877	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01144	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01371	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01832	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01944	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02593	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02990	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03221	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03547	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03561	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05102	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05258	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05259	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05260	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05261	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05262	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05263	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05264	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05265	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05266	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05267	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05268	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05269	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05270	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05271	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05272	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05273	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05274	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05275	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05276	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05279	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05280	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20683	hsa00071	Fatty acid degradation	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00187	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00448	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00751	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01054	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01164	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01189	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01561	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01673	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01694	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01724	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01753	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01789	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01802	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01902	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01943	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02141	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02530	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03428	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03845	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04525	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05103	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05107	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05108	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05109	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05437	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05439	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05440	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05441	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05442	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05443	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C07712	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08813	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08821	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08830	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11455	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11508	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11522	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11523	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15776	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15777	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15780	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15781	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15782	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15783	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15808	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15816	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15915	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18231	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21106	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22112	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22116	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22119	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22120	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22121	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22122	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22123	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22136	hsa00100	Steroid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00037	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00187	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00245	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00695	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01301	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01794	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01921	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02528	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03594	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04554	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04722	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05122	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05337	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05444	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05445	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05446	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05447	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05448	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05449	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05451	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05452	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05453	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05454	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05455	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05460	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05465	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05466	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05467	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05468	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06341	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C13550	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15518	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15519	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15520	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15610	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15613	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15614	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17331	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17332	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17333	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17335	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17336	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17337	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17339	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17343	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17345	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17346	hsa00120	Primary bile acid biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00187	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00280	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00410	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00468	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00523	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00535	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00674	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00735	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00762	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00951	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01124	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01176	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01227	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01780	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01953	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02140	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02373	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02537	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02538	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03205	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03681	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03747	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03772	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03852	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03917	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03935	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04042	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04295	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04373	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04518	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04555	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04676	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05138	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05139	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05140	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05141	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05284	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05285	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05290	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05291	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05293	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05294	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05295	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05296	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05297	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05298	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05299	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05300	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05301	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05302	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05469	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05470	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05471	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05472	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05473	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05474	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05475	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05476	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05477	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05478	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05479	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05480	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05481	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05482	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05483	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05484	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05485	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05487	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05488	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05489	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05490	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05497	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05498	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05499	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05500	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05501	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05502	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05503	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05504	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08357	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08358	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08359	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11131	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11132	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11133	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11134	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11135	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11136	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C13712	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C13713	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18038	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18039	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18040	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18041	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18042	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18043	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18044	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18045	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18075	hsa00140	Steroid hormone biosynthesis	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00029	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00040	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00093	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00103	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00116	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00162	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00173	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00184	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00197	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00258	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00416	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00422	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00577	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00631	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00641	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00681	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00969	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01885	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02133	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02457	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03692	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04046	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04315	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04872	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05401	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06037	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06038	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06040	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06041	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06042	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06364	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06365	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11521	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C13508	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20897	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20898	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20991	hsa00561	Glycerolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00040	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00065	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00084	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00093	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00111	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00114	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00157	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00189	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00269	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00307	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00344	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00346	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00350	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00416	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00513	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00570	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00588	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00623	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00641	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00670	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00681	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01194	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01210	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01233	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01241	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01996	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02737	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03372	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03819	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03872	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03892	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03974	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04230	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04233	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04308	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04438	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04590	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04638	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05973	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05974	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05976	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05980	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06771	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06772	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C13482	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18059	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18125	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18126	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18129	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18168	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C18169	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20466	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20518	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22340	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22341	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22342	hsa00564	Glycerophospholipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00670	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00958	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01233	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01264	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02773	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03201	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03372	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03454	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03715	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03820	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03968	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04317	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04361	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04475	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04517	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04598	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04635	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04756	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05212	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05977	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15645	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15646	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C15647	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20825	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20859	hsa00565	Ether lipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00065	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00154	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00195	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00319	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00346	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00550	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00836	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01120	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01190	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01290	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01747	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02686	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02934	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02960	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03405	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03640	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05681	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06062	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06124	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06125	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06126	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06127	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06128	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C12126	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C12144	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C12145	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C22467	hsa00600	Sphingolipid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00157	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00219	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00427	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00584	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00639	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00696	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00909	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01312	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02165	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02166	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02198	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03577	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04577	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04671	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04707	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04742	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04758	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04805	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04822	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04835	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04853	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05356	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05949	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05950	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05951	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05952	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05953	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05954	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05955	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05956	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05957	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05958	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05959	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05960	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05961	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05962	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05963	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05964	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05965	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05966	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06314	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06315	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06462	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C13809	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14717	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14732	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14748	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14749	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14768	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14769	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14770	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14771	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14772	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14773	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14774	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14775	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14776	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14777	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14778	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14779	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14780	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14781	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14782	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14794	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14795	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14807	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14808	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14809	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14810	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14811	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14812	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14813	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14814	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14815	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14820	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14821	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14822	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14823	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14824	hsa00590	Arachidonic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00157	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00219	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01595	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03242	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04056	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04717	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06426	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C07289	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C07338	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C07354	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14762	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14765	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14766	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14767	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14825	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14826	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14827	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14828	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14829	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14831	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14832	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14833	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14834	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14835	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14836	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C14837	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C19937	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C20186	hsa00591	Linoleic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00157	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01226	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04672	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04780	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04785	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06427	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08491	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08492	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C11512	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16300	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16308	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16309	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16310	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16311	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16316	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16317	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16318	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16319	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16320	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16321	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16322	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16323	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16324	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16325	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16326	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16327	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16328	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16330	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16331	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16332	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16334	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16335	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16336	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16338	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16339	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16341	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16342	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16343	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16344	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16345	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16346	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C19757	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21923	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21924	hsa00592	alpha-Linolenic acid metabolism	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00154	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00219	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00249	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00412	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00510	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00712	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01203	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01530	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C01595	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02041	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02050	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C02249	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03035	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03242	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C03595	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C04088	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C05764	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06425	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06426	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06427	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06428	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C06429	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08281	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08316	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08320	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C08323	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16160	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16161	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16162	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16163	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16164	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16165	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16166	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16167	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16168	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16169	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16170	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16171	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16172	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16173	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16179	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16180	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16513	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16522	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16525	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16526	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16527	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16528	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16529	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16530	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16531	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16532	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16533	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C16645	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C17279	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21072	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21932	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21934	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21935	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21937	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21939	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21941	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21943	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21945	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21947	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21949	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21951	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21953	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21959	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21961	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21963	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21965	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21967	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C21981	hsa01040	Biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids	Lipid metabolism
metabolite	C00002	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00008	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00011	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00014	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00020	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00035	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00037	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00039	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00044	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00046	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00048	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00053	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00054	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00059	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00064	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00081	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00086	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00104	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00117	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00119	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00130	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00131	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00144	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00147	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00169	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00206	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00209	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00212	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00224	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00242	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00262	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00286	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00288	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00294	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00301	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00330	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00360	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00361	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00362	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00366	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00385	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00387	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00499	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00559	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00575	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00603	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00620	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00655	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00700	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00802	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00942	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01228	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01260	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01261	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01344	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01345	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01367	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01444	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01762	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02091	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02348	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02350	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02353	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02718	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C03090	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C03373	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C03483	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C03614	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C03794	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C03838	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04051	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04376	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04392	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04494	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04640	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04677	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04734	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04751	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C04823	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C05239	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C05512	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C05513	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C05515	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C05516	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C05993	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C06193	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C06194	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C06195	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C06196	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C06197	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C06433	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C06435	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C11821	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C12248	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C15667	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C22395	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C22441	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C22442	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C22443	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C22499	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C22500	hsa00230	Purine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00015	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00039	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00046	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00055	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00063	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00064	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00075	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00086	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00099	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00105	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00106	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00112	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00119	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00169	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00178	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00214	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00222	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00239	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00295	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00299	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00337	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00363	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00364	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00365	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00380	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00383	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00429	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00438	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00458	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00459	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00460	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00475	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00526	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00672	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00705	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00813	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00881	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01013	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01103	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01168	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01205	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01346	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01368	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C01563	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02067	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02170	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02354	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02355	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02376	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C02642	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C03997	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C05281	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C05822	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C06198	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C11038	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C11039	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C15607	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C20231	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C20249	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C20253	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C20254	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C20846	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C21028	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C21029	hsa00240	Pyrimidine metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
metabolite	C00014	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00025	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00036	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00041	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00049	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00064	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00122	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00152	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00158	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00169	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00232	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00334	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00352	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00402	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00438	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00940	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01042	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02362	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03090	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03406	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03794	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03912	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C12270	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20775	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20776	hsa00250	Alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00011	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00014	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00037	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00048	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00049	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00065	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00078	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00097	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00101	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00109	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00114	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00143	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00168	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00188	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00197	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00213	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00258	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00263	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00300	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00430	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00441	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00546	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00576	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00581	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00631	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00719	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00740	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00986	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01005	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01026	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01102	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01242	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01888	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02051	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02291	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02737	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02972	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03082	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03194	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03232	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03283	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03508	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05519	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06231	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06442	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16432	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C19929	hsa00260	Glycine, serine and threonine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00019	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00021	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00041	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00049	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00051	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00059	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00065	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00073	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00094	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00097	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00109	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00155	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00170	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00197	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00263	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00283	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00409	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00441	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00491	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00506	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00606	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00793	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00957	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00979	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01005	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01077	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01118	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01137	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01180	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01234	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01817	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01962	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02218	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02291	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02356	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02989	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03082	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03089	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03145	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03232	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03539	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04188	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04582	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05324	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05524	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05526	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05527	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05528	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05823	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05824	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06547	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C08276	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C09306	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C11437	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C11481	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C11499	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C11537	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15606	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15650	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15651	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C18049	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C19787	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C21015	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C21016	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C22359	hsa00270	Cysteine and methionine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00068	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00091	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00100	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00123	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00141	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00164	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00183	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00233	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00332	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00349	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00356	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00407	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00630	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00671	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00683	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01205	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01213	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02170	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02939	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03069	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03231	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03284	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03344	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03345	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03460	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04405	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05996	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05998	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06000	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06001	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06002	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15972	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15973	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15974	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15975	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15976	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15977	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15978	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15979	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15980	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20827	hsa00280	Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00109	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00123	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00141	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00183	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00188	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00233	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00407	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00671	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02226	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02504	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02612	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02631	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04181	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04236	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04272	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04411	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06006	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06007	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06010	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06032	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C14463	hsa00290	Valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00037	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00047	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00136	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00164	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00322	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00332	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00408	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00431	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00449	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00450	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00487	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00489	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00527	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00739	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00877	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00956	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00990	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01087	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01142	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01144	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01149	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01181	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01186	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01211	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01259	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01672	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02188	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02727	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03087	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03196	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03239	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03273	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03366	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03656	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03793	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04020	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04076	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04092	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04487	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05161	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05231	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05544	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05545	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05546	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05548	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05825	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C12455	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16741	hsa00310	Lysine degradation	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00011	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00014	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00025	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00049	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00062	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00064	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00077	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00086	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00122	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00169	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00327	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00437	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00624	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01010	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01250	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03406	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04133	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15532	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20948	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20949	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20950	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20951	hsa00220	Arginine biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00012	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00019	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00025	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00048	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00062	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00077	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00086	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00134	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00148	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00179	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00213	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00223	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00300	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00315	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00334	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00406	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00431	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00436	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00441	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00533	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00555	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00581	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00750	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00763	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00791	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00884	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00986	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01035	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01043	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01110	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01137	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01157	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01165	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01250	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01682	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02305	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02565	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02647	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02714	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02946	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03078	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03166	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03287	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03296	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03375	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03415	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03564	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03771	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03912	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04137	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04281	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05147	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05931	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05932	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05933	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05936	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05938	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05945	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05946	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05947	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C10497	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15699	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15700	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15767	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C18172	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C18174	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C18326	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C19706	hsa00330	Arginine and proline metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00025	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00026	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00049	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00119	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00135	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00386	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00388	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00439	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00785	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00860	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01044	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01045	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01100	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01152	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01262	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01267	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01929	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02739	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02741	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02835	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03277	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03409	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03680	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04437	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04666	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04677	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04896	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04916	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05127	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05130	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05131	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05133	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05135	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05565	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05568	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05570	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05571	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05572	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05575	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05827	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05828	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05829	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16673	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16674	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20522	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20994	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20995	hsa00340	Histidine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00082	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00122	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00146	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00164	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00232	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00355	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00483	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00530	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00544	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00547	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00628	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00642	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00788	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00811	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00822	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01036	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01060	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01061	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01161	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01179	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01384	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01693	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01829	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01850	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02167	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02442	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02465	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02514	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02515	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03063	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03077	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03758	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03765	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03964	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04043	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04045	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04052	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04185	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04186	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04368	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04642	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04796	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04797	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05338	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05350	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05576	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05577	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05578	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05579	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05580	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05581	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05582	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05583	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05584	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05585	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05587	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05588	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05589	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05593	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05594	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05595	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05596	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05600	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05604	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06044	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06046	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06047	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06048	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06199	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06201	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C10447	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C17935	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C17936	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C17937	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C17938	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C22038	hsa00350	Tyrosine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00022	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00042	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00079	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00082	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00084	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00091	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00122	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00166	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00423	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00512	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00582	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00596	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00601	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00642	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01198	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01772	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02137	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02232	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02265	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02505	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02763	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03519	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03589	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04044	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04148	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04479	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05332	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05593	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05598	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05607	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05629	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05852	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05853	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06207	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C07086	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C11457	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C11588	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C12621	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C12622	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C12623	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C12624	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C14144	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C14145	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C15524	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C19945	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C19946	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C19975	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20062	hsa00360	Phenylalanine metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00078	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00108	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00322	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00328	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00331	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00332	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00398	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00463	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00527	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00632	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00637	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00643	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00780	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00877	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00954	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00955	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00978	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01111	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01144	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01249	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01252	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01598	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01717	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01987	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02161	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02172	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02220	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02298	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02470	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02693	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02700	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02775	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02937	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02938	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03227	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03230	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03453	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03574	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03722	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03824	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04409	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05634	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05635	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05636	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05637	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05638	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05639	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05640	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05641	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05642	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05643	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05644	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05645	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05646	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05647	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05648	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05651	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05652	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05653	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05654	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05655	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05656	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05658	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05659	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05660	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05663	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05830	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05831	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05832	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05834	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05835	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C05837	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06212	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C06213	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C08313	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C10164	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16516	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16517	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16518	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C17203	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C22006	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C22202	hsa00380	Tryptophan metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00074	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00078	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00079	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00082	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00108	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00119	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00166	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00251	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00254	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00279	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00296	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00354	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00441	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00463	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00493	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00587	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00826	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00944	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01094	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01179	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01269	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C01302	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C02637	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03175	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C03506	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04302	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C04691	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16848	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C16850	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C17235	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20327	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20653	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20654	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C20710	hsa00400	Phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis	Amino acid metabolism
metabolite	C00024	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00049	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00083	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00099	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00100	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00106	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00135	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00222	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00315	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00334	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00383	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00386	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00429	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00555	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00750	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00804	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00864	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00894	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00986	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01013	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01073	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01262	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02335	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02642	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03492	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03722	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05340	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05341	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05665	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05668	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05669	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05670	hsa00410	beta-Alanine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00022	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00024	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00025	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00026	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00033	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00041	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00084	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00094	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00097	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00227	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00245	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00506	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00519	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00593	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00606	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01678	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01959	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03149	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05122	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05123	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05844	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06735	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C14179	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C19685	hsa00430	Taurine and hypotaurine metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00022	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00033	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00037	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00058	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00074	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00084	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00117	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01151	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01438	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02798	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03167	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03557	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C04650	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05672	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05673	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05674	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05675	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05676	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05677	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05678	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05679	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05680	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05681	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05682	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05683	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06367	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06368	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06451	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06455	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06456	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06457	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06459	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17940	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17941	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17942	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17943	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17944	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17945	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17947	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17948	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17949	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17950	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17951	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17952	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17960	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17961	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C17962	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C20396	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C20422	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C20423	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C20440	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C20986	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C21372	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C21403	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C21404	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C21613	hsa00440	Phosphonate and phosphinate metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00017	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00041	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01528	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02535	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05172	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05335	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05336	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05684	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05686	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05688	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05689	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05690	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05695	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05697	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05698	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05699	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05703	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06481	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06482	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16638	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C18870	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C18871	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C18872	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C18893	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C18902	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C18904	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C18905	hsa00450	Selenocompound metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00022	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00025	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00026	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00036	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00037	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00041	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00047	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00049	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00062	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00064	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00065	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00073	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00077	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00079	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00084	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00097	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00133	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00134	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00135	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00148	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00166	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00188	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00217	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00402	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00431	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00433	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00515	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00624	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00666	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00680	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00692	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00739	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00740	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00763	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00792	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00793	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00819	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00820	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00855	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00993	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01110	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01157	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01180	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01667	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01672	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01726	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02237	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02265	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02855	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03239	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03341	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03440	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03564	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03771	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03933	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03943	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C04260	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C04282	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C04457	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05161	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05620	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05825	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05939	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05941	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05942	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C06419	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C22024	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C22025	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C22611	hsa00470	D-Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00005	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00006	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00024	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00025	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00037	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00051	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00072	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00077	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00097	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00127	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00134	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00151	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00315	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00669	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00750	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01322	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01419	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01672	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C01879	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02090	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C02320	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03170	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03646	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C03740	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05422	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05726	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05727	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05729	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C05730	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16562	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16563	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16564	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16565	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16566	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16567	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16568	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16663	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C16664	hsa00480	Glutathione metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
metabolite	C00096	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00110	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00381	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00621	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C01246	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C03021	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C03862	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C06081	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00001	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00002	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00003	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00004	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00005	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00006	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00007	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00008	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00009	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00010	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00011	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00012	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00013	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00014	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00015	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00016	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00017	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00018	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00019	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00020	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00021	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00022	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00171	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10526	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10595	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10596	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10597	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10598	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10599	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10694	hsa00510	N-Glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00011	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00012	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00013	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00014	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00015	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00016	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00017	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00179	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G01813	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G05477	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10665	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10694	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10716	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10770	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10841	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10920	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G11000	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G11040	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G11933	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G12617	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G12625	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G12626	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13047	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13048	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13049	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13050	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13055	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13056	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13057	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13058	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13059	hsa00513	Various types of N-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C02189	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00023	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00024	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00025	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00026	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00027	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00028	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00029	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00030	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00031	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00032	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00033	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00034	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00035	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10611	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10794	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13153	hsa00512	Mucin type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00063	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00789	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C01068	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C02189	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10617	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13026	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13027	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13028	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13082	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13083	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13084	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13085	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13086	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13087	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13088	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13089	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13090	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13091	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13092	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13093	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13094	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13095	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13096	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13097	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13098	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13099	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13100	hsa00515	Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00053	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00054	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00401	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C01490	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C02189	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00154	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00155	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00156	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00157	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00158	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00159	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00160	hsa00532	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - chondroitin sulfate / dermatan sulfate	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00033	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00053	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00054	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C02189	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00154	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00155	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00156	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00157	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00162	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00163	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00164	hsa00534	Glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis - heparan sulfate / heparin	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00426	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00573	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00634	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00925	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00526	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00711	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00872	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G01391	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G01945	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G01977	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G02632	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G09660	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10008	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10505	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G12336	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13034	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13035	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13036	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13037	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13038	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13039	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13040	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13041	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13042	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13043	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13073	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13074	hsa00531	Glycosaminoglycan degradation	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00154	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00346	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00350	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C01194	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00143	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00144	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00145	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00146	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00148	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00149	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10610	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G10617	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G12396	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13044	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13046	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13128	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13150	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13151	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13152	hsa00563	Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00036	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00037	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00038	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00039	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00040	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00042	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00043	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00044	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00045	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00046	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00047	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00048	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00050	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00051	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00052	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00054	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00055	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00056	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00057	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00058	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00059	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00060	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00061	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00062	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00063	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00064	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00066	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00067	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00068	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00069	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00071	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00072	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00073	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00074	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00075	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00076	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00077	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00078	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00079	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00080	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00081	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00082	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00083	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00084	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00085	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00086	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00087	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00088	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00089	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00090	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00091	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00092	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00428	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00889	hsa00601	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00092	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00093	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00094	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00095	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00096	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00097	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00098	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00099	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00100	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00101	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00102	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00103	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00104	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00105	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00106	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00107	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00181	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00392	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00403	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G02977	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G11492	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13080	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G13081	hsa00603	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - globo and isoglobo series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00092	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00108	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00109	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00110	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00111	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00112	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00113	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00114	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00115	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00116	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00117	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00118	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00119	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00120	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00121	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00122	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00123	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00124	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00125	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00126	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00127	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00128	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00129	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00130	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00131	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00132	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00166	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00167	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00168	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00169	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	G00170	hsa00604	Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
metabolite	C00003	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00018	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00022	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00037	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00068	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00082	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00097	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00118	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00378	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01081	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01279	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02892	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03028	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03373	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04294	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04327	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04556	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04752	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05856	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11437	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15809	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15810	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15811	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15812	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15813	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15814	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19872	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20246	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20247	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20267	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20784	hsa00730	Thiamine metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00016	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00044	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00061	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00199	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00235	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00255	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00474	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01007	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01268	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01304	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01352	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01390	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01727	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01847	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03114	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04332	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04454	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04732	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05995	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15556	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15563	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18910	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21214	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21215	hsa00740	Riboflavin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00018	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00064	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00117	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00118	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00232	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00250	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00266	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00279	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00314	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00534	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00627	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00647	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00847	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00971	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01215	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01270	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03393	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04106	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04604	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04690	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04773	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06050	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06051	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06052	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06054	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06055	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06056	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C07335	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11638	hsa00750	Vitamin B6 metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00003	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00006	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00022	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00042	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00049	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00111	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00122	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00153	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00163	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00232	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00253	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00334	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00455	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00857	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00922	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01020	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01056	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01059	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01185	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01297	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01384	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01596	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02295	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02918	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02930	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03043	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03056	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03150	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03458	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03652	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03722	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04226	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05380	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05840	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05841	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05842	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05843	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06178	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15523	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15986	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15987	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16150	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16151	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16152	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16159	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16390	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18232	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19567	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19569	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19631	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20361	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20381	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21075	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21154	hsa00760	Nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00010	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00022	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00049	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00054	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00097	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00099	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00106	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00141	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00183	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00229	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00429	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00522	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00750	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00831	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00864	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00882	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00966	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01053	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01088	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01134	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02642	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03492	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03688	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04079	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04272	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04352	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05665	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05944	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06010	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18911	hsa00770	Pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00047	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00086	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00120	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01037	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01063	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01092	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01209	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01894	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01909	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02656	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05552	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05921	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06250	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19673	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19845	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19846	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20372	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20373	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20374	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20375	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20376	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20377	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20378	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20384	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20385	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20386	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20387	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20683	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22458	hsa00780	Biotin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01944	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02051	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02147	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02972	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05752	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06423	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15972	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15973	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16238	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16241	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22159	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22160	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22161	hsa00785	Lipoic acid metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00044	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00101	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00119	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00156	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00251	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00266	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00268	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00272	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00415	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00504	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00568	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00835	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00921	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01217	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01300	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01304	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02587	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02953	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03541	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03684	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04244	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04807	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04874	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04895	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05922	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05923	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05924	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05925	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05926	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05927	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06148	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06313	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C09332	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11355	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15522	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15996	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16675	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18237	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18239	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18802	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19848	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19871	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20239	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20248	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20264	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20559	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20562	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20566	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20567	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21007	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21008	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21065	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21094	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21107	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21310	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21485	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21486	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21640	hsa00790	Folate biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00101	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00143	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00234	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00415	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00440	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00445	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00504	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00664	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03479	hsa00670	One carbon pool by folate	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00376	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00473	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00777	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00778	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00899	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02075	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02094	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02110	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02588	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03455	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05914	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05915	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05916	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05917	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11061	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15492	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15493	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16677	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16678	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16679	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16680	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16681	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16682	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16683	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21797	hsa00830	Retinol metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00025	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00032	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00037	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00188	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00194	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00430	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00486	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00500	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00524	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00541	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00748	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00853	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00931	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00992	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01024	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01051	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01079	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01708	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02139	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02191	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02463	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02469	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02800	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02823	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02880	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02987	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03029	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03114	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03179	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03194	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03263	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03373	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03516	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03741	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04122	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04536	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04778	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05306	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05307	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05766	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05767	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05768	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05769	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05770	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05772	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05773	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05774	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05775	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05777	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05778	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05779	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05780	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05781	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05782	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05783	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05784	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05785	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05786	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05787	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05789	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05790	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05791	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05793	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05794	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05795	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05797	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05798	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05912	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05913	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06319	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06320	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06399	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06406	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06407	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06408	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06416	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06503	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06504	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06505	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06506	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06507	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06508	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06509	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06510	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11242	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11243	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11538	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11540	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11542	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11543	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11545	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11630	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11829	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11830	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11831	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11832	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11850	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C11851	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C12147	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C14818	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C14819	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15670	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15672	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16242	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16243	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16244	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16540	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16541	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17401	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18021	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18022	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18064	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18098	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18151	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18152	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18153	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18154	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18155	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18156	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18157	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18160	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18161	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18162	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18163	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19608	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20666	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21217	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21284	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21427	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21428	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21429	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21431	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21432	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21433	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21434	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21435	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21510	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21511	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21512	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21582	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21723	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21724	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21764	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21835	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22338	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22339	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22450	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22451	hsa00860	Porphyrin metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00082	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00156	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00223	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00251	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00341	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00353	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00390	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00423	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00544	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00811	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00828	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00885	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C01179	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02059	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02477	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02483	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02730	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C02949	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03160	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03313	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03657	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03964	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C03993	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C04145	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05427	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05807	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05817	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05819	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05847	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05848	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C05849	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C06986	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C10793	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C13309	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C14151	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C14152	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C14153	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C14154	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C14155	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C14156	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15547	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15882	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C15883	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16519	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16695	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C16999	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17010	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17017	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17018	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17412	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17551	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17552	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17554	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17559	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C17570	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18131	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18132	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18133	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18134	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C18135	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19847	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19858	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C19859	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20265	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20737	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20738	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20772	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C20773	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21084	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C21860	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C22039	hsa00130	Ubiquinone and other terpenoid-quinone biosynthesis	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
metabolite	C00022	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00024	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00118	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00129	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00235	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00332	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00341	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00353	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00356	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00418	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00448	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C01107	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C01126	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C01143	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C01230	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C02321	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C03461	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C04145	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C04146	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C04216	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C04506	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C04574	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C04748	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C05427	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C05859	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C06081	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C11434	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C11435	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C11436	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C11437	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C11453	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C11811	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C16521	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C16826	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C17432	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C18321	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C19691	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C19760	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C19852	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C19853	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C20120	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C20121	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C20345	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C20847	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C20848	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C22453	hsa00900	Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
metabolite	C00048	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00385	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01762	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C07130	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C07480	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C07481	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C13747	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16352	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16353	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16355	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16356	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16357	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16358	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16359	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16360	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16361	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16362	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16363	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16364	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16365	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C16366	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21144	hsa00232	Caffeine metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00025	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00029	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00031	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00043	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00092	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00229	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00397	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00825	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00832	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00908	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01441	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01555	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01737	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01743	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01759	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01822	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01823	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C01917	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C02033	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C02627	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C07656	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C12210	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C12211	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C15652	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17209	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17580	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17581	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17582	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17583	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17584	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17585	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17586	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17587	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17588	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17589	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17701	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17702	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17703	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17704	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17705	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17706	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17707	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17712	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C17997	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18000	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18001	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18002	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18003	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18004	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18005	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18006	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18007	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18008	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C18009	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C20350	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C20351	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C20353	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C20509	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C20614	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C20699	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21176	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21251	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21252	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21253	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21254	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21255	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21256	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21257	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21258	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21259	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21260	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21261	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21262	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21263	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21264	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21265	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21266	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21267	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21268	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21269	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C21270	hsa00524	Neomycin, kanamycin and gentamicin biosynthesis	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
metabolite	C00745	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C00829	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C02617	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C03012	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06205	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06755	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06790	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06800	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06899	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07490	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07535	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11036	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11088	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11148	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11149	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11150	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11278	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11713	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11714	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14039	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14040	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14453	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14556	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14783	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14784	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14785	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14786	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14787	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14788	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14789	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14790	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14791	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14792	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14793	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14796	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14797	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14798	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14799	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14800	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14801	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14802	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14803	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14804	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14805	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14806	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14839	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14840	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14841	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14842	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14843	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14844	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14845	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14846	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14847	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14848	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14849	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14850	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14851	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14852	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14853	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14854	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14855	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14856	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14857	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14858	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14859	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14860	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14861	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14862	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14863	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14864	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14865	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14866	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14867	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14868	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14869	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14870	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14871	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14872	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14873	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14874	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14875	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14876	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C14877	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16453	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16756	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19488	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19489	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19490	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19559	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19561	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19562	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19563	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19564	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19565	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19566	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19567	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19568	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19569	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19574	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19577	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19578	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19579	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19580	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19581	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19582	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19585	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19586	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19588	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19589	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19590	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19591	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19592	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19594	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19595	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19602	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19603	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19604	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19605	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19606	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C19607	hsa00980	Metabolism of xenobiotics by cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C01471	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C01516	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C05011	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06174	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06754	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06868	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07047	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07073	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07108	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07163	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07185	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07492	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07493	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07495	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07496	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07501	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07572	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07643	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07644	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07645	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07646	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07647	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07888	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C08012	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11004	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11583	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11785	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16544	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16545	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16546	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16547	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16548	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16549	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16550	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16551	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16552	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16553	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16554	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16555	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16556	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16557	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16558	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16559	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16560	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16561	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16569	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16570	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16571	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16572	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16576	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16577	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16578	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16582	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16584	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16586	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16587	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16591	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16592	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16595	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16596	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16601	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16602	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16603	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16604	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16605	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16606	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16607	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16608	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16609	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16610	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16612	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16643	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16648	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16649	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16650	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16651	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16652	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16653	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16654	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16655	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16656	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16657	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16658	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16659	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16660	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16661	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16662	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00195	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00252	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00343	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00358	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00399	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00533	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00536	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D04716	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D07704	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D07760	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D08195	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D08233	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D08559	hsa00982	Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C00003	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C00006	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C02320	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C02380	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C04242	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C04646	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C05361	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06108	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C06837	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07054	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07446	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07447	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07585	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07648	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C07649	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11173	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11376	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C11736	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C12650	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C12673	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C12739	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C13252	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16542	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16543	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16613	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16614	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16615	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16616	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16617	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16618	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16619	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16620	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16621	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16622	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16623	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16624	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16625	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16630	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16631	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16632	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16633	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16634	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16635	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C16641	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C21748	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C21749	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C21750	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C21751	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C21754	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C21758	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C21759	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	C21760	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00238	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00346	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D00584	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D01223	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D01244	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D01309	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D01784	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D04197	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D04931	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D08086	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
metabolite	D08603	hsa00983	Drug metabolism - other enzymes	Xenobiotics biodegradation and metabolism
