type	name	kegg_pathwayid	kegg_pathwayname	kegg_category
gene	ACSS1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACSS2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MDH1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MDH2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CS	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACO2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACO1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACAT2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	ACAT1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MCEE	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCCA	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PCCB	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	MMUT	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HAO2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HAO1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	CAT	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GRHPR	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	PGP	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AGXT	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLUL	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SHMT2	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	SHMT1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLDC	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AMT	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	DLD	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GCSH	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HYI	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	GLYCTK	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	HOGA1	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
gene	AFMID	hsa00630	Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
